improve wording in contribution guide (#549)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/contributing/how-to-contribute.md

# How to contribute

The Nix ecosystem is developed by many volunteers and a few paid developers, maintaining one of the largest open source software distributions in the world.
Keeping it working and up to date would not be possible without your support.

This guide shows how you can contribute to {term}`Nix`, {term}`Nixpkgs` or {term}`NixOS`.

## Getting started

[Join our community communication platforms](https://nixos.org/community) to get in contact with other users and developers.
Check out our [community teams](https://nixos.org/community/#governance-teams) if you're interested in a particular topic.

All the source code and documentation is on [GitHub](https://github.com/), and you need a GitHub account to propose changes.
Technical discussions happen in issue and pull request comments.

:::{tip}
If you are new to Nix, consider [contributing documentation](./documentation.md) first.

This is where we need the most help and where it is the easiest to begin.
:::

## Report an issue

We can only fix issues that we know of, so please report any issue you encounter.

> Issues with {term}`Nix` (including the [Nix reference manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable)) are reported at <https://github.com/NixOS/nix/issues>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues with the package manager {term}`Nix` (including the [Nix reference manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable)) are reported at <https://github.com/NixOS/nix/issues>.
```

> Issues with {term}`Nixpkgs` or {term}`NixOS` (including packages, configuration modules, the [Nixpkgs manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nixpkgs/stable), and the [NixOS manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable)) are reported at <https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues with specific packages on {term}`Nixpkgs` or {term}`NixOS` (including packages, configuration modules, the [Nixpkgs manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nixpkgs/stable), and the [NixOS manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable)) are reported at <https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues>.
```

Author: Now "including packages" is redundant.

Make sure that there is not already an open issue for your problem.
Please follow the issue template and fill in all requested information.

## Contribute to Nix

> Nix is the cornerstone of the ecosystem, and is mostly written in C++.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package manager Nix is the cornerstone of the ecosystem, and is mostly written in C++.
```

> The Nix is the cornerstone of the ecosystem, and mostly written in C++.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Nix package manager is the cornerstone of the ecosystem, and is mostly written in C++.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Nix is the cornerstone of the ecosystem, and is mostly written in C++.
```

That was a genuine typo, forgot to remove the article. I try to get away from calling Nix a package manager because it's quite misleading in my opinion.

If you want to contribute to its development, you can find information on [how to setup a development environment](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/unstable/contributing/hacking.html) in the manual.

[Issues tagged `good-first-issue`](https://github.com/NixOS/nix/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Agood-first-issue) are a great opportunity for taking your first steps as a Nix contributor.

If you are proficient with C++, addressing one of the [popular issues](https://github.com/NixOS/nix/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc+label%3A%22idea+approved%22) will be highly appreciated by maintainers and Nix users all over the world.

## Contribute to Nixpkgs

> Packaging for Nix is simple when you have understood the basic concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packaging for and contributing to {term}`Nixpkgs` is simple when you have understood the basic concepts.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Contributing to {term}`Nixpkgs` is simple when you have understood the basic concepts.
```

How about this?
